So, in the Pix2Pix architecture,
we need a way to associate an input image with its correct output image.
So, to measure input and output,
we can modify the discriminator,
so that instead of identifying a single image as real or fake,
it will look at pairs of input and output images
and output a value for a real pair or a fake pair.
This is where the pair of training data comes in.
During training, the discriminator will take an input image and the unknown image,
that is either the target image y or generate image g of x.
By labeling a pair as fake or real,
it tries to determine whether the output image is generated or not.
Though the weights of the discriminator are then adjusted based on
the cascading error of the input or generated output pair,
which the discriminator tries to classify as force.
The input to target pair.
What should discriminator tries to classify as real?
The generator's weights are also adjusted based on the output of a discriminator.
Only in this case,
the generator wants the classification error to be large it wants the input or
generated output pair to be classified as real and again was a discriminator gets better,
so does the generator.
The discriminatory is acting as the loss function and is
conditional on both the input and output images to the generator,
which is why this is called conditional gain.
The nice thing about pix2pix is that it makes
no assumption about the relationship between pairs of images.
Instead, it's lensed object a functioning as it shrinks,
and compares the defined inputs and outputs during shrinking.
A trained pix2pix architecture has been shown to learn a variety of mappings.
From Google Maps to satellite images to automatically recurring images.
You can even check out a pix2pix demo made by Chris,
has transformed sketches into cats.
You can get some interesting and kind of creepy results
and it may give you some insights as to what this model is really good at listening.
I encourage you to check out the link to the demo below.
Now, you may be wondering is the other way to learn how to do image to
image translation without his nicely pair of training images and there it is.
Next, we will talk about an architecture that
can learned for unpaired data, the cycle again.